What are you stopping me from doing?
You're hurting me.
You can't leave today
Yang Feilong, what are you waiting for?
Don't let me go
Your wife said it
If anything happens to me
He won't forgive you.
I divorce you
Play this little trick with me
Dead duck mouth hard gesture
You said don't mess around.
Do you still want to commit murder in broad daylight?
I'm going to call someone
I have to say, you are really scheming
Do you take a closer look at anyone around you?
My people have been cleared
Within 5 kilometers is my absolute territory
Don't be impulsive.
You don't have to die.
Top 10 whistleblowers
Can save your life
But you die yourself
Owner, I'm going to send him on his way
Ah no no no no
I was wrong Fei Long
I would like to take the wind
I want to be so young, I don't want to die
He is willing
Do you want to stay
Ouyang Feilong never stings blood on the face when working
I'm going to figure out a way to say
Tell you
Even with interest, I have to figure it out with him all these years